Run black on qchem (#1311)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* PennyLane's test suite is now code-formatted using `black -l 100`.
  [(#1222)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1222)

> * PennyLane's `qchem` package is now code-formatted using `black -l 100`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PennyLane's `qchem` package and tests are now code-formatted using `black -l 100`.
```

Reviewer: Maybe?
